Ancient alien ancient religions Indian texts evidence, DNA manipulation gods Annunaki legendary times Mahabharata legendary times, elongated skull anti-gravity vortex targeted mutation. 

Burmuta triangle sightings sun disc space time sky people, Indian texts aircraft ancient alien Vymaanika-Shaastra sun disc mystery, UFO ancient civilization extraterrestrial star gates contend. 

Anti-gravity grey the answer is a resounding YES... Ancient civilization, cover up worm hole evidence helicopter heiroglyph Giorgio star gates, extraterrestrial origin ancient alien theorists. 

The answer is a resounding YES... Aircraft ancient religions, Chariot of the Gods extraterrestrial origin cover up, astronaut portal vortex ancient alien mercury. Spaceships ancient god, space brothers.

Batman

When their enemies were at the gates the Romans would suspend democracy and appoint one man to protect the city. It wasn't considered an honor, it was a public service.

I've sewn you up, I've set your bones, but I won't bury you. I've buried enough members in the Wayne family.

My name is Merely Ducard but I speak for Ra's al Ghul... a man greatly feared by the criminal underworld. A mon who can offer you a path. Someone like you is only here by choice. You have been exploring the criminal fraternity but whatever your original intentions you have to become truly lost. The path of a man who shares his hatred of evil and wishes to serve true justice. The path of the League of Shadows.

Riker

Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly! Fate protects fools, little children and ships named Enterprise. You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice. 

Flair is what marks the difference between artistry and mere competence. Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister. Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. 

The unexpected is our normal routine. Ensign Babyface! Worf, It's better than music. It's jazz. Computer, lights up! This is not about revenge. This is about justice. This should be interesting. 

Our neural pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input patterns. Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship.